Vandeane Smith and Shanell James' Wedding Website Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading 💍 VISIT OUR REGISTRY 💍 💍 VISIT OUR REGISTRY 💍 Shanell & Vandeane Our Story Wedding Registry Schedule Wedding Party Gallery Travel Things To Do FAQs we’re getting married! Shanell James and Vandeane Smith # becomingtheSmiths December 31, 2023 Kingston, St. Andrew Parish Back to the beginning 2001 Our love story started at Willowdene Prep School. We were mere students with unfamiliar emotions towards each other. Throughout those primitive years from Grades 1-6, we grew as relatively close classmates. Exchanging stares, glares and chuckles as children who unknowingly had crushes on each other up until graduation. We went on separate paths; different high schools, universities, and careers resulting in a 15 years gap. For a brief moment in this gap we talked as associates until 2022. Reunited 2022 Once again Willowdene connections brought us back together in an unexpected way. Well let’s just say we flooded our DMs on a daily basis. This time our feelings were meaningful mirroring intentional actions - we grew up! We were able to express our feelings for each other as we got to know more each day. Now here we are over a year later, two classmates who had ‘just’ a crush making moves to say we ‘just’ got married. The Proposal 07.09.23 The proposal was orchestrated with the help of some our close friends and families both near and far. After months of planning while dodging questions regarding an upcoming party. The day finally came - and it was surely PERFECT! This epic birthday party was effectively disguised as a proposal where Vandeane sang ‘Perfect’ by Ed Sheeran. At this point we were both filled with nervousness and anxiety but he went down on one knee and popped the question! With no hesitation I answered with a hard “YES.” This ‘yes’ represented the first step to ‘ALWAYS and FOREVER.’ Always and Forever #becomingTheSmiths We're so excited to celebrate this next chapter in our lives with you. We cannot wait to share engagement photos and details leading up to our big day. However, it does not stop there, our story continues as we become The Smiths. For all the days along the way About Zola Guest FAQs Order status support@zola.com 1 (408) 657-ZOLA Start your wedding website © 2026 Zola, Inc. All rights reserved. Accessibility / Privacy / Terms