Miranda Calderón and Noah Cortinas' Wedding Website Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading If on mobile device, click on the white 3-lined button in the upper-right hand corner of this page. It will lead you to our wedding schedule, registry, FAQs and more. If on mobile device, click on the white 3-lined button in the upper-right hand corner of this page. It will lead you to our wedding schedule, registry, FAQs and more. Miranda & Noah Our Story Schedule Wedding Party Registry Gallery RSVP FAQs We're getting married! Miranda Calderón & Noah Cortinas February 28, 2026 Galveston, TX RSVP Website Navigation Tip Viewing the wedding website on a mobile device? If you are viewing our wedding website through a mobile device, click on the button with 3 lines in the upper-right hand corner of this page. This will lead you to all the other pages of our website such as the schedule, wedding party, registry, and more. How We Met "We can't hear you. You're on mute." In March of 2020, at Texas A&M University, Noah was getting ready to go out with friends when it struck him that there were only a few hours left to submit an officer application for a new student organization. Hurriedly, he rushed to fill out the (rather lengthy) form. Little did he know that this nearly missed opportunity would lead him to the love of his life. Over the next couple weeks, life brought a frenzy of events as the COVID-19 shutdowns began. It also brought him an emailed response to his application from Miranda! Noah originally believed he had been rejected from the club due to Miranda's dour tone, but she actually invited him to accept the voter registration officer role he had applied for. Later that month, the two met on Zoom for the first time in a group setting. When Miranda asked everyone to introduce themselves, she remembered her first impression of Noah: “Ooh, he’s cute!” Miranda and Noah got to spend the spring and summer learning more about each other and making connections. By July, Noah had made Miranda's distribution list for her daily Snapchat vlogs. He remembers teasing her over one particular video she sent of her dog, Coco. "That dog doesn't look that excited to be starring in your video", he jokingly responded. Looking back, he can only imagine Miranda did NOT appreciate this comment about her beloved Coco, but she was crushing on him too hard at this point to be mad. Autumn soon approached, and with it came the return to campus! The first in-person club meeting in August at Texas A&M sparked something more between Noah and Miranda. Their conversations grew longer and richer – the texting stretched later into the night. After one night of heavy flirting, Noah asked Miranda out for a sushi date. Unsurprisingly, Miranda suggested a “formal meeting” to discuss feelings and potential consequences of dating as co-officers. Eventually, they compromised and went to Texas Roadhouse instead. Ever since, they’ve been living their greatest adventures together. Taking the Show on the Road Bit by the Travel Bug After Noah's graduation, we celebrated by visiting San Antonio in our first trip together. This getaway would spark one of our relationship's great joys - traveling! We love experiencing foreign cultures, gazing at grand monuments, and (perhaps most of all) savoring great foods. We have been blessed to be able to partake in some amazing trips together, with some of our favorites being Alaska, Monaco, and London. Of course, no trip is complete without some memorable moments! We will surely never forget the time we had to climb 15 flights of spiral cased stairs to reach the rooftop terrace of Milan's Duomo Cathedral - all because we skipped the elevators to save $8. The only thing that got us to the top of that church was the fear of being lapped by the impervious Italian children gaining ground on us! Exploring the Outdoors Bonding through Hikes Since the beginning of our relationship, we have had a fondness for exploring the beautiful nature found within Texas's State Park system. With sandy walks at Galveston Island, swimming in the river at Pedernales Falls, and dodging the alligators at Brazos Bend, we have made so many core memories in the great outdoors. It began when Noah suggested a hiking date for our 1-month anniversary at Bastrop State Park - about an hour outside of College Station. Miranda happily agreed to go, despite later realizing that hiking in the woods with a guy she had only recently met was not at all dissimilar to the plots of her much-beloved true crime documentaries. But we quickly bonded over the trip, enjoying making each other laugh and revealing past stories as we trekked through the chapparal hills of the park. The hike culminated with a scenic overlook of the Texas Hill Country, which left an indelible impression on the both of us - so much so that Noah, four years later, knew it was the only place to propose to Miranda. For all the days along the way About Zola Guest FAQs Order status support@zola.com 1 (408) 657-ZOLA Start your wedding website © 2026 Zola, Inc. All rights reserved. Accessibility / Privacy / Terms