Courtney Rodriguez and Gustavo Berrocal's Wedding Website Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading August 8, 2019 Miami, Florida #berrocal2019 Gustavo & Courtney Our Story Day of the Wedding Schedule Need a place to stay? Look no further. Our Registry Meet our Wedding Party Photos Things To Do FAQs Gustavo Berrocal & Courtney Rodriguez # berrocal2019 August 8, 2019 Miami, Florida How We Met May 12, 2017 We met at the Library in San Luis Obispo, CA. Not the library you read books but the library you dance and enjoy a night out with your friends :). Gustavo over heard the conversation I was having with my friend about my Miami trip (little did I know he was eavesdropping) and quickly took the opportunity to jump in the conversation to mention that he was from Miami. We hit it off right from the beginning and pretty much talked the entire evening. After that evening, we both didn't think that anything would continue to transpire. As we keep in touch over the phone with occasional hikes and lunch meetings we soon began to realize that something was developing. As the saying goes, "When you're not looking for love. Love finds you." Silently we both thought could this be that moment. We spent a lot of time together and built a strong friendship. As our friendship continued to build Gustavo made it clear that he wanted to start dating. I thought to myself if he's serious I'm going to have him ask my dad (putting him through the little test). To my surprise he said yes and would love to ask my dad. One night in preparation for a dinner date he came to the door and my dad answered while I was still getting dressed. Low and behold while upstairs my mom and I heard him having a conversation and asking permission to date me. With my father's blessing on July 5, 2017 he asked me to be his girlfriend. Eight months passed by and on March 18, 2018 he proposed. We couldn't be more happier to spend our lives together. We are blessed to be with each other. We knew we wanted to spend the rest of our lives with one another from the very start. We will start our new chapter in life the only way we know how and that is to keep the love of God first in our hearts above all things. We've now begun the joy and excitement of planning our wedding and hope everyone of our guest will bless us with their presence on our big day!! We love you all and hope to see you soon. For all the days along the way About Zola Guest FAQs Order status support@zola.com 1 (408) 657-ZOLA Start your wedding website © 2026 Zola, Inc. All rights reserved. Accessibility / Privacy / Terms