Kariah Hall and Aric Ricks' Wedding Website Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading November 17, 2025 Milwaukee, WI See Schedule or FAQ Page for Zoom Details Home - Our Story Schedule Travel Registry Wedding Party Gallery Things To Do FAQs RSVP “…And a threefold cord cannot quickly be torn apart.” - Ecc. 4:12 Aric Ricks and Kariah Hall November 17, 2025 Milwaukee, WI RSVP Our Story - Aric "I'm still amazed by the day we met. I was the best man in my cousins wedding and you were a bridesmaid for my cousin in law. From the start, I knew there was something special about you. Your smile lit up the room, and your joy from serving Jehovah captured my heart. As we began dating, I discovered the kind of person you are - creative, joyful, considerate and beautiful inside and out. Some of my favorite memories in my life are moments I’ve shared with you; The dinner parties, Preaching together, eating fried octopus, Tabal, The Sky Glider at Summer fest, Grilling and blowing bubbles, and so many more. You make me laugh, you support me as I strive to be my best self, and you love me for who I am. I remember the moment I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you. We were in your living room doing letter writing, and you showed a young child how to write her letters. You were patient, gentle, and kind. The joy you display warmed the hearts of everyone in your home from young to old, mine included. I knew in that moment, I wanted to spend an eternity with you, hand in hand - side by side. Now, as we prepare to start our new life together, I'm filled with excitement and gratitude. I promise to love you, support you, and make you laugh forever. Mon Coeur, Je T’aime plus que les mots ne peuvent le dire." Our Story - Kariah Our journey began in a way I never expected — at a wedding! We were both part of a mutual celebration, he as the best man, and I as a bridesmaid. The couple tying the knot were not only family and close friends, but also the perfect bridge that brought us together. Through hanging out with the newlyweds, we started to build a connection, rooted first in a shared love for LDC construction work and a passion for cooking. As we spent more time together, I began to notice something special about him — a humility and kindness that immediately drew me in. There was something about his peaceful nature that could calm any storm, and being around him just felt… right. His spirituality, his self-sacrificing spirit, and his love for Bible principles opened my heart in ways I hadn't expected. What began as a simple friendship soon blossomed into something much deeper. I found myself wanting to know him more, to understand his heart and the beautiful way he approaches life. And now, I’m excited to take the next step — to continue learning about him for all eternity. Our love story is still being written, and we can't wait to share the next chapters of it with you! For all the days along the way About Zola Guest FAQs Order status support@zola.com 1 (408) 657-ZOLA Start your wedding website © 2026 Zola, Inc. All rights reserved. Accessibility / Privacy / Terms